README.md, before:

# py-wordpress-database

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/cariad/py-wordpress-database/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/cariad/py-wordpress-database/tree/master)

A Python package that sets up a WordPress database.

`wpdatabase` will:
 - Create the database, if it doesn't exist already.
 - Create the WordPress user, if it doesn't exist already.

`wpdatabase` is idempotent; if the database and the user already exist then it will return successfully.

Note that `wpdatabase` currently only supports MySQL databases.

## Installation

```shell
pip install wpdatabase
```

## Prerequisites

`wpdatabase` assumes that the following properties have already been set in the `wp-config.php` file:

| Property      | Description
|-              |-
| `DB_HOST`     | Host or endpoint of the MySQL database server.
| `DB_USER`     | WordPress database user.
| `DB_PASSWORD` | WordPress database password.

If you need help adding these values to `wp-config.php` then check out [wpconfigr](https://github.com/cariad/py-wpconfigr).

## Command-line usage

If you need to specify to the database's administrator username and password:

```shell
python -m wpdatabase --wp-config      /www/wp-config.php \
                     --admin-username garnet \
                     --admin-password love
```

If you're deploying WordPress into Amazon Web Services (AWS) and have your administrator username and password held in Secrets Manager:

```shell
python -m wpdatabase --wp-config                       /www/wp-config.php \
                     --admin-credentials-aws-secret-id AdminSecretID \
                     --admin-credentials-aws-region    eu-west-1
```

## Development

To install development dependencies:

```shell
pip install -e .[dev]
```

To run the tests:

```shell
python test.py
```

Commit message:

Added support for getting database version Added new WpConnection object Renamed classes to have prefix of Wp Added new unit tests Added build scripts Changed name to wpdatabase2 to prevent collision with @Cariad orignal package

README.md, after:

# py-wordpress-database

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/ravensorb/py-wordpress-database/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/ravensorb/py-wordpress-database/tree/master)

A Python package that sets up a WordPress database.

`wpdatabase2` will:
 - Provide a way to check to see if the wordpress database already exists
 - Return the version details of the wordpress database (if it exists)
 - Create the database, if it doesn't exist already.
 - Create the WordPress user, if it doesn't exist already.

`wpdatabase` is idempotent; if the database and the user already exist then it will return successfully.

Note that `wpdatabase` currently only supports MySQL databases.

## Installation

```shell
pip install wpdatabase
```

## Prerequisites

`wpdatabase` assumes that the following properties have already been set in the `wp-config.php` file:

| Property      | Description
|-              |-
| `DB_HOST`     | Host or endpoint of the MySQL database server.
| `DB_USER`     | WordPress database user.
| `DB_PASSWORD` | WordPress database password.

If you need help adding these values to `wp-config.php` then check out [wpconfigr](https://github.com/cariad/py-wpconfigr).

## Command-line usage

If you need to specify to the database's administrator username and password:

```shell
python -m wpdatabase2 --wp-config      /www/wp-config.php \
                     --admin-username garnet \
                     --admin-password love
```

If you're deploying WordPress into Amazon Web Services (AWS) and have your administrator username and password held in Secrets Manager:

```shell
python -m wpdatabase2 --wp-config                       /www/wp-config.php \
                     --admin-credentials-aws-secret-id AdminSecretID \
                     --admin-credentials-aws-region    eu-west-1
```

## Library usage

import wpdatabase2

wpdb = WpDatabase('path to wp-config.php')
print(wpdb.get_database_version())

## Development

To install development dependencies:

```shell
pip install -e .[dev]
```

To run the tests:

```shell
python test.py
```
